chre: add QA issue template (#16510)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/qa.md

v                            ✰  Thanks for opening an issue! ✰    
v    Before smashing the submit button please review the template.
v    Word of caution: poorly thought-out proposals may be rejected 
v                     without deliberation 
☺ > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >  -->

## Summary

<!-- In a few short sentences summarize the release -->

## Major Changes

<!-- Describe the major changes associated to this release -->

## Gotchas

<!-- Gotchas is an area which changes could of been made that the auditors should be aware of -->

## QA Breakdown

* Audit
    * [ ] Audit BaseApp
    * [ ] Audit Types
    * [ ] Audit x/auth 
    * [ ] Audit x/authz
    * [ ] Audit x/bank
    * [ ] Audit x/circuit
    * [ ] Audit x/consensus 
    * [ ] Audit x/crisis 
    * [ ] Audit x/distribution 
    * [ ] Audit x/evidence 
    * [ ] Audit x/feegrant
    * [ ] Audit x/genutil 
    * [ ] Audit x/gov 
    * [ ] Audit x/group 
    * [ ] Audit x/mint 
    * [ ] Audit x/nft 
    * [ ] Audit x/simulation 
    * [ ] Audit x/slashing 
    * [ ] Audit x/staking
    * [ ] Audit x/tx 
    * [ ] Audit x/upgrade 
    * [ ] Audit client
    * [ ] Audit server

>     * [ ] Audit store 

Reviewer: Simapp and runtime are missing here

* [ ] Release alpha
* [ ] Cosmos-SDK testnet
* [ ] Public testnet (IBC, WASM, SDK)
* [ ] Upgrade a chain with data from vX
* Release documentation
    * [ ] Audit UPGRADING.md
    * [ ] Update all codeblock to the appropriate version number

### Audit checklist

* please copy to a markdown to follow while you walk through the code
* 2 people should be assigned to each section 

* [ ] API audit 
    * spec audit: check if the spec is complete.
    * Are Msg and Query methods and types well-named and organized?

>     * Is everything well documented (inline godoc as well as [`/spec/` folder](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/master/docs/spec/SPEC-SPEC.md) in module directory)

Reviewer: There is no spec folder anymore but one readme.

```suggestion
    * Is everything well documented (inline godoc as well as [`README.md`](https://docs.cosmos.network/main/spec/SPEC_MODULE#common-layout) in module directory)
```
